the pace of living is obviously faster
than ever for a young pretty girl there
are so many parties to go to there just
isn't time to get hair washed and set
well here's one answer change it
actresses models and other busy people
are turning more and more to using wigs
for convenience an unexpected date you
just pop one off choosing either the
black or the oven to suit the dress
models find that agencies wanting a
blonde or brunette can easily be
satisfied with same girl different wig
the hair is bought mainly in Italy
costing sometimes eighteen shillings of
ups and because of its rarity blonde
hair is the most expensive the task of
making a wig is not simple for a rush
job it requires three days of
concentrated work it's made by first
measuring the customers head and then
the hairline from these figures is
prepared a foundation of special lace
into which is fitted about 6 ounces of
hair each hair is individually knotted
into place on the foundation when the
wig is made the hair must be shampooed
and styled so under the dryer it goes
then the hair will be setted and up to
the second style and there's no tedious
waiting around for the person who's
going to wear it either
in this London firm of wig creations
there is a stock of 8,000 wigs all
constantly in demand particularly for
television and stage plays
wigs have been worn by men and women
down the centuries in ancient Rome even
the statues help could it be that it's
time for the fashion to come back in a
big way today's teenagers are perhaps
more fashion conscious than their
parents as one who might be setting the
pace for the rising generation actresses
models busy partygoers all have wigs
why not the teenagers